#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
aws-sam-translator==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   virtualenv
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   celery
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
boto3==1.18.38
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.21.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cryptography
cfn-lint==0.54.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-lint
configobj==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml.cmd
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distlib==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   rest-condition
django-cors-headers==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
django-user-tasks==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
docker==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   python-jose
edx-api-doc-tools==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-django-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-lint==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
faker==8.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   pyjwkest
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   transifex-client
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pytest
isort[requirements]==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   moto
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsondiff==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
junit-xml==1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cfn-lint
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   analytics-python
moto==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
networkx==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cfn-lint
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
path==16.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   yamllint
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
    #   ruamel.yaml.convert
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   transifex-client
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   moto
pywatchman==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   cfn-lint
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   moto
    #   yamllint
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   docker
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   transifex-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   python-jose
ruamel.std.argparse==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml.cmd
ruamel.yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ruamel.yaml.cmd
    #   ruamel.yaml.convert
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml.cmd==0.5.7
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
ruamel.yaml.convert==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml.cmd
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   configobj
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   ecdsa
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   jsonschema
    #   junit-xml
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   tox
    #   transifex-client
    #   virtualenv
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
tox==3.24.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
transifex-client==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   transifex-client
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   tox
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   docker
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   astroid
    #   aws-xray-sdk
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.txt
    #   moto
yamllint==1.26.3
    # via -r requirements/local.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
