#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   sarif-om
aws-sam-translator==1.42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
boto3==1.20.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.23.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
cfn-lint==0.56.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
configobj==5.0.6
    # via ruamel.yaml.cmd
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
distlib==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
django-cors-headers==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-user-tasks==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
docker==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-jose
edx-api-doc-tools==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
edx-lint==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   pyjwkest
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.26
    # via transifex-client
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort[requirements]==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   moto
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jschema-to-python==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsondiff==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
jsonpointer==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
junit-xml==1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
moto==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
networkx==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
path==16.3.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   yamllint
pbr==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   sarif-om
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
    #   ruamel.yaml.convert
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   transifex-client
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   moto
pywatchman==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   moto
    #   yamllint
redis==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   docker
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   transifex-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
rsa==4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-jose
ruamel.yaml==0.17.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   ruamel.yaml.base
    #   ruamel.yaml.cmd
    #   ruamel.yaml.convert
ruamel.yaml.base==0.2.1
    # via ruamel.yaml.cmd
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml.cmd==0.5.10
    # via -r requirements/local.in
ruamel.yaml.convert==0.3.2
    # via ruamel.yaml.cmd
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
sarif-om==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cfn-lint
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   configobj
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   ecdsa
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   jsonschema
    #   junit-xml
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
    #   tox
    #   transifex-client
    #   virtualenv
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
tox==3.24.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
transifex-client==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements/local.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   transifex-client
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   docker
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   moto
yamllint==1.26.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
