#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.28.40
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
botocore==1.31.40
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==4.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-user-tasks==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
gevent==23.9.0.post1
    # via -r requirements/production.in
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via gevent
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/production.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/nonlocal.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
