#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via pytest
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.26.88
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   moto
botocore==1.29.88
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   moto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
django-mysql==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-user-tasks==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.3.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==17.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort[requirements]==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
moto==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==5.24.0.153
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via yamllint
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==3.1.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.17.0
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   yamllint
redis==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   moto
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   moto
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==20.20.0
    # via tox
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via moto
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   astroid
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via moto
yamllint==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
